{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red42\green76\blue126;\red11\green84\blue1;
\red42\green76\blue126;\red63\green108\blue175;\red179\green179\blue179;\red179\green179\blue179;\red63\green108\blue175;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c21176\c37647\c56863;\cssrgb\c0\c39216\c0;
\cssrgb\c21176\c37647\c56863;\cssrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;\cssrgb\c75294\c75294\c75294;\cssrgb\c75294\c75294\c75294;\cssrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13240\viewh14880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For this project, we are using a pared-down version of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/0Bz5RztSfjWNSX1czeTVENURScmc/edit"}}{\fldrslt coding manual}} developed by the marvelous Pat O\'92Donnell for the Native American Journals Project. Because we have fewer resources at the moment, we are implementing a subset of the tags outlined there, in the hopes of doing further encoding at a later date.\
Our main goals for this encoding project are to 1) encode a subset of the names used in the text, 2) capture the top-level structure of the text, and 3) associate that structure with dates. \
James, the project manager, has already done a lot of batch pre-processing of the text that have mostly accomplished goals (2) and (3). For that reason, the main focus should be on deploying the <persName> tag.
\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa266\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Editorial notes
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Because the facsimile of the original will be linked from the transcription, we have decided not to encode the "cosmetic" appearance of the documents. These cosmetic elements include:
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 flourishes at the end of paragraphs\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 unusual spaces between words or paragraphs\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 position of additions in the text (i.e. superscript, margin, etc.)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 for book-like manuscripts, a description of the covers.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa266\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 If the encoder is unsure or has a question about the encoding, insert a comment field in the text in the relevant place, i.e. \cf4 \strokec4 <!-- text --> \cf2 \strokec2 and notify the project coordinator
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 Contextual Encoding in Text
\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa266\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 For the purposes of this project we will be keeping separate lists of important personal names and organizational names. In the texts the \'93key\'94 attribute will associate each name with a coded value that can be found in the lists.  For now, focus on names that have coded values associated with them. Eventually the lists will be assigned a url and then the \'93key\'94 attribute will be changed to \'93ref.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf6 Personal\'a0 Names
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb7 <persName key="w6c82qz0">Joshua Evans</persName>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 If you suspect a misspelling, retain the same spelling in the document and add it to the variant name column in the person list
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 If possessive is used, put inside of the persName brackets
\fs24 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 \strokec3 Document Structure
\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 An xml document consists of a prolog and a root element (the document). The prolog contains the declarations, mostly about where to find the schema and the stylesheets that govern the rules and how the document looks. The prolog is the same for all of the documents in this project. The root element is divided into two main parts:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 teiHeader
\f0\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232  \'a0 \'a0 fileDesc\u8232  \'a0 \'a0 encodingDesc\u8232  \'a0 \'a0 profileDesc\u8232 
\f1\b \cb8 text
\f0\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232  \'a0 \'a0 front\u8232  \'a0 \'a0 body\u8232  \'a0 \'a0 back
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \strokec9 TEI Header <teiHeader/>
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Within the teiHeader, the <titleStmt> section is about the electronic form, and the <sourceDesc> is about the original. Templates for both manuscripts and published originals may be found in the Appendices to this manual.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\sl320\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb10 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \cb1 \strokec9 Text [Content Wrapper] \'a0 \'a0 <text/>
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 <text> contains the <front>, <body>, <back> and contains a single text or intentionally (ie. bound manuscript) associated work of any kind
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <text>
\f0\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b front matter\uc0\u8232 body\u8232 back matter\u8232 \cb8 </text>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf6 \outl0\strokewidth0 Front and Back
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Front Matter\ulnone  \'a0 \'a0 <front/>
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb7 <div type="preface"/>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl440\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb10 <front/> contains any prefatory matter (headers, title page, prefaces, dedications, etc.) found at the start of a document, before the main body.
\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 A typical value for front matter is "introduction." See section below on divisions for a list of the types.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \ul Back Matter\ulnone  \'a0 \'a0 <back/>
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb7 <div type="appendix"/>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl440\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb10 <back/> contains any appendixes, etc. following the main part of a text.\'a0
\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Another typical value for back matter is \'93epilogue.\'94
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf6 Body \'a0 \'a0 <body/>
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Contains the main body of the document, not including front matter and back matter. \'a0 
\fs24 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \strokec9 Divisions \'a0 \'a0 <div/>
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 The front, body, and back elements typically include one or more <div> elements.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <div type="entry"></div>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Confirmed values for @type on <div>:\'a0entry, itinerary, accounts, 
\fs37\fsmilli18667 \outl0\strokewidth0 letter, 
\fs37\fsmilli18667 \outl0\strokewidth0 undetermined
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 Use @type=\'94narrative\'94 instead of \'93entry\'94 only when the <div> is undated and/or the section is in a narrative style, i.e. description of past events or anecdotes, or a second-hand account
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 For each <div>, add <dateline><date when=\'94
\f2\i iso date
\f0\i0 \'94/></dateline> to make it possible to sort entries/etc. by time; if the passage does not contain a date in the text, either add a date with the @type as \'93unattested.\'94 Since <dateline/> cannot be contained within a <p/>, if the only date/place occurs within the <p/>, add a <dateline/> with an empty <date/> and/or <placeName/> just before the beginning of the first <p/> in the <div>. If you do the latter, do not code the following date or place within the <p/>. See also: Dates.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 Note: It is possible to further subdivide text divisions into levels, ie. <div1/>, <div2/>, etc., but we have chosen not to do that in this project.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \strokec9 Floating Text \'a0 \'a0 <floatingText/>
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 If you have inclusions (basically, things like letters sprinkled in a bigger chunk of running text) you should use <floatingText> (see example TEI we created for more information); this is in contrast to where you have one <div> after another (a poem, and then a letter, and then an entry), which can just be successive <div>s). Basically if the previous text structure continues after the inclusion, use <floatingText/>.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <floatingText type="letter">\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb8 <body>\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb8  <p>
\f0\b0 \cb1 This is her letter
\f1\b \cb8 </p>\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb8 </body>\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb8 </floatingText>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 <floatingText/> may directly contain <front/>, <body/>, <back/>, and <figure/>, within which the other elements are contained as appropriate.
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \strokec9 Page breaks, paragraphs, and line breaks
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Page Breaks\ulnone : <pb/>
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Empty element that marks place at which a page begins:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <pb/>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Always put page breaks within the div: </div><div type="entry"><pb/>.
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 Use <pb n="#"/> to show page numbers of the facsimile as shown in the facsimiles section below.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Line Breaks\ulnone : <lb/>\'a0
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 This project is 
\f1\b not
\f0\b0  encoding line breaks.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Paragraphs\ulnone : <p/>\'a0
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 A prose paragraph: contains words and phrase-level encoding:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <p>aaabbbccc</p>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf11 \cb10 \strokec11 Do not close a paragraph at the end of a page unless the paragraph actually ends there. Instead, nest the <pb/> tag between the <p> and </p> tags at the appropriate location in the text and add a <lb> at the end of the last line before <pb/>.
\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \strokec9 Tables and Lists
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Tables and lists occur only rarely in the text, mainly in accounting sections. Refer to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/0Bz5RztSfjWNSX1czeTVENURScmc/edit#heading=h.17dp8vu"}}{\fldrslt full manual}} for guidance if you encounter one.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf6 \outl0\strokewidth0 Figures
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Figures occur only rarely in the text. Refer to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/0Bz5RztSfjWNSX1czeTVENURScmc/edit#heading=h.3rdcrjn"}}{\fldrslt full manual}} for guidance if you encounter one.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 Letters
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Like tables, lists, and figures, letters are not common in Hunt\'92s journal, but do pop up occasionally. Refer to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/0Bz5RztSfjWNSX1czeTVENURScmc/edit#heading=h.26in1rg"}}{\fldrslt full manual}} for guidance if you encounter one. 
\fs37\fsmilli18667 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf3 \strokec3 Textual Formatting
\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \strokec9 Dates
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 If the date of the entry, letter, or minutes is found in the first sentence of the section, then encode it within <dateline/> before the first <p/>:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <div type="letter">\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb8 <dateline><date when="1791-03-24"> 3rd mo 24</date><placeName key="dov">Dover</placeName></dateline><p>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 If the item is dated at the end of the section, encode the date at the end after the last <p/>. Alternately if the date is entered but not at the beginning or end or, if the date and place are not recorded in the text but either is known in context, add a <dateline/> before the first <p/>. Use type=\'94unattested\'94 if the latter:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <div type="letter">\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb8 <dateline><date when="1791-03-24\'94 type=\'94unattested\'94/><placeName key="dov\'94 type=\'94unattested\'94/></dateline><p>
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 The\'a0@when\'a0attribute is used to encode a regularized iso 8601 form of the date.\'a0
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <date when="2005-05-29">Sun, 29 May 05</date>).
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 When only the day and or month are given in the particular entry but the year is known in context, the encoder may enter the full date after @when, but should only write the date as written between the date brackets, i.e.:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <date when="2005-05-29">Sun, 29 May</date>)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 If only the year is known, encode only the year:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <date when="2005">Summer of 2005</date>)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 If the year is unclear or the passage clearly takes place over more than one day, use the duration indicator \'93/\'94 to designate the range, i.e. sometime between 1795 and 1796:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <date when="1795/1796">two years ago</date>)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cb8 <date when="1795-05-01/1795-05-03">from Monday until Wednesday</date>)
\f0\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 If entering a date span in the <fileDesc> use <date from=\'94YYYY\'94 to=\'94YYYY\'94/>
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \strokec9 Quotations and Direct Speech
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Quotes from texts
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 For bible quotes and other textual quotes, use <quote>; to specify biblical quotes use @type="biblical." Other values include \'93hymn,\'94 \'93poem\'94 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb8 <p> Listen to the <quote type="biblical">still, small voice</quote>. 
\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Other quotations and direct speech\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 There is very little direct speech or quotation used in the journal outside of editorial notes. If you find quotations in the text itself (not enclosed by the <note> tag or [square brackets]), you can replace the quotation marks with the <q> tag.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec9 Unclear, Supplied, and Missing Materials
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 At some point in the future we would like to replace the square brackets (the marker of editorial intervention currently in use) with the </gap>, <supplied>, and <unclear> tags as discussed in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/0Bz5RztSfjWNSX1czeTVENURScmc/edit#heading=h.1y810tw"}}{\fldrslt full manual}}. However, for the moment it is not a priority.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \strokec9 Dashes and Hyphens
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 When the text contains hyphens, regularize to one dash "-" no matter how long the hyphen is; record hyphens where a word breaks at the end of a line only if the author has done so.\'a0
\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 Dashes, either em dash or en dash, should be recorded as an em dash (or a pair of hyphens "\'97") no matter how long the dash is.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf9 \strokec9 Ampersands
\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl500\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Use entities to add an ampersand, ie. \'93&amp.\'94
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}